So we learn a lot throughout this section.
We learn how to pass data around how do you get access to elements our dorm how to use local references
so our application now is much more dynamic we got much more tools to interact between the different
pieces we have in our area.
Now there is another way we can pass data around the last way for now in our server element component
here.
Right now we check if we have type server or A-type blueprint server.
Right.
Nothing wrong with that.
But sometimes we have complex HDL code like this which you want to pass into a component from outside.
So imagine you don't want to set this up inside a component you're a cutted instead.
In the app component you somehow want to add this here between the opening and closing element of your
own component.
And there you simply would have to replace element with server element.
And we should expect this to work right.
So if we saved us and let it reload and we add a new server we don't get an error but the content is
not there and that is the default behavior.
Everything you place between the opening and closing tag of your own component is lost by default is
simply removed from the dorm angle or will not take care about it.
But you can change this.
There is a special directive and it is a directive even though it looks like a component buzzword but
it doesn't have its own template.
A special directive you can add in the server element components template here in the place where I
want to render the content I can add energy content opening and closing again.
It still is a directive just using this element like selector and this serves as a hook you can place
in your component to mark the place for angular where it should add any content it finds between the
opening and closing tag here.
So descanted in this case with this tiny addition you should see that once you save this and let it
reload.
If we add this and we click add server.
You now see the content of spec.
It looks exactly the way it looked for work.
But technically something totally different works or happens here.
Now we asked is Why are the energy content hook we added between the opening and closing text and therefore
it will be Parow checked it into your component project it into your server element component.
A nice feature especially if you think about Boulding re-usable widgets like a tap which it where each
tab will have a content which probably comes from some other source and which you don't want to pass
through property binding which always would be an alternative.
But if it's more complex HDMI old code property binding really is not the best solution because Angola
will escape HVM I'll text there to prevent trust side scripting attacks from happening and you could
kind of work around that.
But really Engy can then Dennis how you want to display this and that is a great tool to have at your
disposal.